Add instructions for creating custom mantid-developer package (#38431)
mantidproject/mantid: dev-docs/source/Packaging.rst

Most often, you won't need to upload the packages to Anaconda, this is most useful in cases where installing standalone packages is inconvenient. Standalone package builds created by the jenkins job can be found under the jenkins job build artifacts, this is near the top of the page. Say you built a package for Windows using the jenkins job, you should find a ``mantidworkbench`` exe file in the build artifacts.

.. _build_custom_mantid-developer:

Building a custom ``mantid-developer`` environment
--------------------------------------------------

This is useful if you need to change a pinned version of one of Mantid's dependencies and test the change locally.

> 1. Create a conda environment and install into ``boa`` and ``versioningit``. For this example, called ``mantid_dev_builder``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create a conda environment and install ``boa`` and ``versioningit`` into it. For this example, called ``mantid_dev_builder``.
```

2. Make your changes to the conda recipe files.
3. Change directory to ``mantid/conda/recipes``

> 4. With ``mantid_dev_builder`` active, run ``conda mambavuild ./mantid-developer/``. This will build a local version of ``mantid-developer`` with your changes and place it in ``mantid_dev_builder``'s ``conda-bld`` folder. The output from ``conda mamba build`` should tell you the location.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. With ``mantid_dev_builder`` active, run ``conda mambabuild ./mantid-developer/``. This will build a local version of ``mantid-developer`` with your changes and place it in ``mantid_dev_builder``'s ``conda-bld`` folder. The output from ``conda mambabuild`` should tell you the location.
```
